this video is going to show you how to
thread a singer 301 a and also thread
the bobbin case and basically start with
your bobbin case on the inside of the
bobbin case a little notch which goes up
in this direction you want to take your
thread as it comes over the bobbin place
it in and then pull it into the stops
because you're going to pull it back
where it's a little clump pressure and
you get it locking in under your tab
there's a screw here for just an
attention should hold itself with a
little bit of tension and as for the
Machine the spool pins back here you
also have a loop another thread guide of
course your thread tension and a couple
more guides as we work our way down so
four starts we'll put our spool on and
we'll hit this rear guide and basically
you're just coming over the hook and
you're going left to right through the
hook and then downward put a little
thumb pressure on make sure your presser
foots up and then you go through your
disks om your thread tensioner and then
pull up there's a little there's a
little notch right here you want to get
into and then our thread goes through
this little holder again and then
through our thread take-up going right
to left
and now down the nose Oh imma still
showing you the thread take-up there but
I came through the thread take-up going
right to left and now we come down we've
got a loop here where we're going left
to right to clip it in and then there's
a series of thread guides towards the
bottom here the first one here is a
curlicue and basically just come in from
the back side pull it forward and down
then you've got another loop at the top
of the needle bar and you're going from
front to back and then there's one
another one on the bottom of the needle
clamp and that's kind of going back to
front and also going left to right I put
one of these little helpers through the
needle already but you're threading
needle from the right to the left I'll
put it through this little loop
pull it through and that's it back out
now I'm going to pop on the bobbin case
like soap
hold on the detention a little bit and
roll the wheel coming with the top
towards your counter clockwise tilt
pulls up both threads and there you have
it you're ready to sell